Add summary section for local kubernetes (#34157)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/deploying-to-kubernetes.adoc

<1> In this example, the cluster role "my-cluster-role" will be generated with the specified policy rules.
<2> The name of the ClusterRole resource to use. Role resources are namespace-based and hence not allowed in ClusterRoleBinding resources.

=== Deploying to local Kubernetes

> When deploying to local Kubernetes environments users often perform minor changes to their manifests that simplify the development process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying to local Kubernetes environments, users often perform minor changes to their manifests that simplify the development process.
```

The most common changes are:

- Setting `imagePullPolicy` to `IfNotPresent`
- Using `NodePort` as `Service` type

Quakrus proivdes extensions that among others set these options by default.
Such extensions are:

- quarkus-minikube
- quarkus-kind

> If the list of extensions does not match the tool you are using (e.g. docker desktop, microk8s etc) then its suggested to use the `quarkus-minikube` extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the list of extensions does not match the tool you are using (e.g. Docker Desktop, microk8s etc) then it is suggested to use the `quarkus-minikube` extension.
```

> as it's default should be reasonable for most environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as its defaults should be reasonable for most environments.
```
